is what i would do if i was starting a
business from scratch i would build an
intentional content marketing strategy
let me show you mine you need to get
people to know you before they can like
you before they can trust you before
they can buy from you to get people to
know me i create original content like
this on tiktok and then i repurpose it
to ig reels and youtube shorts i look at
metrics like reach impressions views and
i know they're ready to go to the next
step when they follow me once people
like me i still use tiktok content but i
also create ig posts longer youtube
videos twitter and i look at engagement
metrics like comments shares saves and i
know they're ready to move to the next
step when they visit my website now that
people trust me and we have a
relationship i can share more about my
free newsletter my google ads course my
coaching and teaching and other ways
they can interact with me and get me to
help them grow their business i look at
metrics like calendar views or pricing
page views and i know they're ready to
move to the next step when they reach
out and contact me that helps them get
ready to
buy from me and so i measure success
there with things like conversion
conversion rate and revenue remember
people don't just wake up ready to buy
from you they have to start at the top
and you have to earn the right for them
to move through each stage for some
people they can do that in a matter of
minutes others it takes months if this
is your first time seeing me and you
like this content go ahead and hit that
follow button if you want to steal my
content marketing template you can grab
it for free at the link in my bio